Divorce agreement, I've done it for you
Ask Yun Yao to come and sign today
Wait, what are you waiting for?
If your grandfather hadn't invited you with his estate
I can marry a commoner like her for three years
He must not delay us any longer
I have arrangements
Don't worry about it.
Yesterday was an accident
But it's also marital infidelity
The compensation clause needs to be re-added.
If you don't divorce, what about Shen Pinting?
I hear you have been busy with your business abroad these years.
Your mother is sick and she takes care of you.
You can't let them down
There are many ways to be grateful
It's impossible to marry her
I have promised him.
I'll let you two get married as soon as you return home
Mom, I have a wife.
What kind of wife is Yun Yao to you?
The marriage license was still made by your grandfather
Who else knows him but your grandpa and me?
I said it was him.
What about you, Shen Ping?
He is the eldest lady of the Shen family
The Shen family is not a small family
Not so easy to pass
What you caused
You handle it yourself
Hey
The old master is 57 minutes from 9:00 to now
Why don't you just wait a little longer?
Sorry, there was an accident just now.
I was surprised
I think it's a night of surfing and not feeling happy
I didn't expect you to look innocent
Playing so much in private
I really can't compare to you
You look even hotter
Stop
Mr. Gu visited the company for the first time
Don't make trouble for me at this time
Mr. Gu
Duan Te ordered
You need a personal secretary to come to the company
These two are candidates Lucy
And Shen Pinting
Take a look.
Who to choose?
It's You